feat: Reports (#20)
centrifuge/sdk: README.md

  () => console.log('complete')
)
```

## Reports

> Reports are generated from the subquery pool indexer and are combined with pool metadata to provide a comprehensive view of the pool's financials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reports are generated from data from the Centrifuge API and are combined with pool metadata to provide a comprehensive view of the pool's financials.
```

Available reports are:

> - `profitAndLoss`
> - `balanceSheet`
> - `profitAndLoss`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `balanceSheet`
- `profitAndLoss`
- `cashflow`
```
